Fix broken link, some minor cleanup (#4141)
knative/docs: docs/developer/eventing/sources/kafka-source/README.md

The `KafkaSource` reads all the messages, from all partitions, and sends those messages as CloudEvents via HTTP to its configured `sink`.

!!! note

>     If need a more sophisticated Kafka Consumer, with direct access to specific partitions or offsets, you can implement a Kafka Consumer by using one of the available Apache Kafka SDKs.

Author: ```suggestion
    If you need a more sophisticated Kafka Consumer, with direct access to specific partitions or offsets, you can implement a Kafka Consumer by using one of the available Apache Kafka SDKs.
```

<!--TODO: Check if this note is out of scope; should we not mention anything beyond the direct Knative/Kafka integration we provide?-->

## Installing the Kafka event source CRD

Install the Kafka event source by running the command:

```bash

> kubectl apply -f https://storage.googleapis.com/knative-nightly/eventing-kafka/latest/source.yaml

Reviewer: This link is targeting nightly builds. We should probably point people to the GitHub releases instead.

Author: @antoineco would you be able to provide a command that works please? 🙂 
Thanks for calling this out, I had a note here to check what the right command would be because I wasn't sure, and this was what's available in the kafka sandbox-repo md file

Reviewer: I was thinking about the release manifests you can find here: https://github.com/knative-sandbox/eventing-kafka/releases/

If you look at the latest release (0.25) you'll see 2 assets related to the source:
- source-crds.yaml
- source.yaml

Those should be applied using `kubectl apply`.

Note: Because the "latest" version will change with every Eventing release, it's probably not wise to put a direct link in the docs, because eventually the documented link will rot (point to an old version). How it this done for serving and eventing? Are versions manually updated in the docs on every release?

> kubectl apply -f https://storage.googleapis.com/knative-nightly/eventing-kafka/latest/source.yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/knative-sandbox/eventing-kafka/releases/download/$(curl -sL "https://api.github.com/repos/knative-sandbox/eventing-kafka/releases/latest" | grep "tag_name" | sed -E "s/.*\"tag_name\": \"(.*)\".*/\1/")/source.yaml
```

You can put some verbiage to download and install the latest version from https://github.com/knative-sandbox/eventing-kafka/releases
If you are in a bash shell that contains curl and grep, you can use the following command to install the latest version, I provided the command

Reviewer: <opinion>
Those one liners may be fancy in bash scripts, but documentation, I'll take a short explanation over a complicated command anytime.
E.g. "substitute <version> with the current Knative Eventing release version (example `v0.25`)"
</opinion>

Reviewer: @csantanapr @abrennan89 apparently the moving "latest" is already solved. I'm seeing a few references such as this one in the docs:

```
kubectl apply -f {{< artifact org="knative-sandbox" repo="eventing-natss" file="300-natss-channel.yaml" >}}
```

Not sure what plugin interprets that, but it looks really cool.

Author: On second look, I removed this command altogether, since we are linking to the docs for installing Kafka event source for now

```
<!--Taken from https://github.com/knative-sandbox/eventing-kafka - not sure if there's a newer command-->

## Optional: Create a Kafka topic

1. If you are using Strimzi, create a KafkaTopic:

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: kafka.strimzi.io/v1beta2
    kind: KafkaTopic
    metadata:
      name: knative-demo-topic
      namespace: kafka
      labels:
        strimzi.io/cluster: my-cluster
    spec:
      partitions: 3
      replicas: 1
      config:
        retention.ms: 7200000
        segment.bytes: 1073741824
    ```

> 2. Deploy the `KafkaTopic` by running the command:

Reviewer: I think 1) and 2) could be merged. For example, "`kubectl apply` the following manifest to create a Kafka topic via Strimzi."

Author: I think as part of our docs style guide we want to keep these sort of steps separate, e.g. 1. create the file, 2. apply it. We were combining it before with `kubectl apply -f <<EOF` type commands but there were issues with it not working on Windows so we decided to keep it separated.

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f <filename>.yaml
    ```

    Where `<filename>` is the name of your KafkaTopic YAML file.

    Example output:

    ```bash
    kafkatopic.kafka.strimzi.io/knative-demo-topic created
    ```

> 3. Ensure that the `KafkaTopic` is running, by running the command:

Reviewer: "is running" -> "was created"

> 3. Ensure that the `KafkaTopic` is running, by running the command:

Author: ```suggestion
3. Check that the KafkaTopic was created, by running the command:
```
